Add fixed_weight_twiss Beam Initialization (#1397)
Hi-PACE/hipace: docs/source/run/parameters.rst

    Into how many segments the pdf is divided per zeta slice for its first-order numerical evaluation.

Option: ``fixed_weight_twiss``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* ``<beam name>.num_particles`` (`int`)
    Number of constant weight particles to generate the beam.

* ``<beam name>.pdf`` (`float`)
    Longitudinal density profile of the beam, given as a probability density function
    (the transverse profile is Gaussian). This is a parser function of z, giving the charge density
    integrated in both transverse directions `x` and `y` (this is proportional to the beam current
    profile in the limit :math:`v_z \simeq c`). The probability density function is automatically
    normalized, and combined with ``<beam name>.total_charge`` or ``<beam name>.density`` within
    the code to generate the absolute beam profile.
    Examples (assuming ``z_center``, ``z_std``, ``z_length``, ``z_slope``, ``z_min`` and ``z_max``
    are defined with ``my_constants``):
      * Gaussian: ``exp(-0.5*((z-z_center)/z_std)^2)``
      * Cosine: ``(cos(2*pi*(z-z_center)/z_length)+1)*(2*abs(z-z_center)<z_length)``
      * Flattop: ``(z<z_max)*(z>z_min)``

>       * Trapezoidal: ``(z<z_max)*(z>z_min)*(1+z_slope*z)``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``<beam name>.pdf`` (`float`)
    See entry ``<beam name>.pdf`` of section ``fixed_weight_pdf`` above.
```

* ``<beam name>.total_charge`` (`float`)
    Total charge of the beam (either ``total_charge`` or ``density`` must be specified).
    Only available when running in SI units.
    The absolute value of this parameter is used when initializing the beam.
    Note that in contrast to the ``fixed_weight`` injection type, using ``<beam name>.radius`` or
    a special pdf to emulate ``z_min`` and ``z_max`` will result in beam particles being redistributed to
    other locations rather than being deleted. Therefore, the resulting beam will have exactly the
    specified total charge, but cutting a significant fraction of the charge is not recommended.

* ``<beam name>.density`` (`float`)
    Peak density of the beam (either ``total_charge`` or ``density`` must be specified).
    The absolute value of this parameter is used when initializing the beam.
    Note that this is the peak density of the analytical profile specified by `pdf`, `position_mean` and
    `position_std`, within the limits of the resolution of the numerical evaluation of the pdf. The actual
    resulting beam profile consists of randomly distributed particles and will likely feature density

>     fluctuations exceeding the specified peak density.

Reviewer: same here

* ``<beam name>.energy_mean`` (`float`)
    The mean energy of the beam in eV, including the rest mass of the beam particles.
    Can be a function of z.
    The normalized momentum is calculated as :math:`u_z = \sqrt{\gamma^2 - 1}`
    with :math:`\mu_{\gamma} = \mu_{E} \frac{q_e}{m c^2}` and
    :math:`\sigma_{\gamma} = \sigma_{E} \frac{q_e}{m c^2}`.

* ``<beam name>.energy_spread`` (`float`)
    The energy spread of the beam in eV. Can be a function of z.

* ``<beam name>.position_mean`` (2 `float`) optional (default `0 0`)
    The mean position of the beam in ``x, y``, separated by a space. Both values can be a function of z.

* ``<beam name>.twiss_alpha`` (2 `float`) optional (default `0 0`)

>     The Courant-Snyder parameter describing position-momentum correlations in rad in ``x, y``,
>     separated by a space. Both values can be a function of z.

Reviewer: I think giving the expressions in addition to the description would help, to make it clear we use the normal CS parameters (x' and not ux, trace-space emittance and not normalised emittance) although we provide the normalised emittance.
```suggestion
    The Courant-Snyder parameter alpha <xx'>/epsilon_tr in rad in ``x, y``, separated by a space.
    Note that it is defined from trace-space emittance. Both values can be a function of z.
```
And similar for the others below.

* ``<beam name>.emittance`` (2 `float`)
    The emittance normalized to the longitudinal momentum in m rad in ``x, y``,
    separated by a space. Both values can be a function of z.

* ``<beam name>.do_symmetrize`` (`bool`) optional (default `0`)
    Symmetrizes the beam in the transverse phase space. For each particle with (`x`, `y`, `ux`,
    `uy`), three further particles are generated with (`-x`, `y`, `-ux`, `uy`), (`x`, `-y`, `ux`,
    `-uy`), and (`-x`, `-y`, `-ux`, `-uy`). The total number of particles will still be
    ``beam_name.num_particles``, therefore this option requires that the beam particle number must be
    divisible by 4.

* ``<beam name>.radius`` (`float`) optional (default `infinity`)
    Maximum radius ``<beam name>.radius`` :math:`= \sqrt{x^2 + y^2}` within that particles are
    injected. If ``<beam name>.density`` is specified, beam particles outside of the radius get
    deleted. If ``<beam name>.total_charge`` is specified, beam particles outside of the radius get
    new random transverse positions to conserve the total charge.

* ``<beam name>.pdf_ref_ratio`` (`int`) optional (default `4`)

>     Into how many segments the pdf is divided per zeta slice for its first-order numerical evaluation.

Reviewer: Likewise, let's just point to the above. Actually, right after the section title "Option: ``fixed_weight_twiss``" we could have a short paragraph saying "for this and this and that parameters, see section above".
